chore: update welcome page to 2023 (#1225)
ory/docs: docs/welcome.mdx

language-specific libraries [Ory Ladon](https://github.com/ory/ladon). Ory has
[170+ open source repositories](https://github.com/orgs/ory/repositories) and over 35.000 GitHub stars.

> Ory secures billions of requests each month, running in over 50,000 live deployments, and improved hourly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ory secures billions of requests each month, runs in over 50,000 live deployments, and improves hourly.
```

Not sure what was going on here :D
